Update secure-cloud-network.md (#114146)
Azure/azure-content: articles/firewall-manager/secure-cloud-network.md

3. Under **Settings**, select **Security configuration**.
4. Under **Internet traffic**, select **Azure Firewall**.
5. Under **Private traffic**, select **Send via Azure Firewall**.
   > [!NOTE]

>    > If public IP address ranges are used as private networks in connected Virtual Networks or on-premise branches, specify those IP prefixes next to RFC1918 address prefixes explicitly by clicking on the "Private Traffic Prefixes" section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   > If you're using public IP address ranges for private networks in a virtual network or an on-premises branch, you need to explicitly specify these IP address prefixes. Select the **Private Traffic Prefixes** section and then add them alongside the RFC1918 address prefixes.
```

> 7. Under **Inter-hub**, select **Enabled** to enable the Virtual WAN routing intent feature. Routing intent is the mechanism through which you can configure Virtual WAN to route branch-to-branch (on-premises to on-premises) traffic via Azure Firewall deployed in the Virtual WAN Hub. For more information regarding pre-requisites and considerations associated with the routing intent feature, see [Routing Intent documentation](../virtual-wan/how-to-routing-policies.md). 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
7. Under **Inter-hub**, select **Enabled** to enable the Virtual WAN routing intent feature. Routing intent is the mechanism through which you can configure Virtual WAN to route branch-to-branch (on-premises to on-premises) traffic via Azure Firewall deployed in the Virtual WAN Hub. For more information regarding prerequisites and considerations associated with the routing intent feature, see [Routing Intent documentation](../virtual-wan/how-to-routing-policies.md). 
```
